

    1. What is the difference between an adaptive website and a fully responsive website?
	Adaptive websites adapt to the width of the browser at a specific points. In other words, the website is only concerned about the browser being a specific width,
	at which point it adapts the layout and fully responsive websites respond to the size of the browser at any given point. No matter what the browser width may be,
	the site adjusts its layout (and perhaps functionality) in a way that is optimized to the screen. the difference between smooth and snap design. Responsive design
	is smooth because the layout fluidly adjusts regardless of what device it is viewed on. Adaptive design, on the other hand, snaps into place because the page is 
	serving something different because of the browser or device it is viewed on.

	
    2. Describe what it means to be mobile first vs desktop first.
	Going down to smaller resolutions (often called graceful degradation) means hiding and wrapping elements while trying to support as many original features as possible.
	In this case, the mobile experience is functional rather than refined.

	
    3. What does font-size: 62.5% in the html tag do for us when using rem units?
       A typical method is to set the HTML font-size to 62.5%. That's because 62.5% of 16px (typical default browser font-size) is 10px. 
	   That would still make 1.6rem = 16px. This now means that if the user's default browser font-size is changed to, for example, 20px, 1.6rem would now equal 20px.
	   
	   
    4. How would you describe preprocessing to someone new to CSS?
	A CSS preprocessor is a program that lets you generate CSS from the preprocessor's own unique syntax. There are many CSS preprocessors to choose from, 
	however most CSS preprocessors will add some features that don't exist in pure CSS, such as mixin, nesting selector, inheritance selector, and so on.

	
    5. What is your favorite concept in preprocessing? What is the concept that gives you the most trouble?
	   Nesting is the favorite concept.  parametric mixin gives most trouble.
